GEOMESA-3409: Arrow: axis order request parameter (#3224)
locationtech/geomesa: docs/user/datastores/analytic_queries.rst

This hint will remove the outer struct named after the feature type and will instead return the attribute fields directly
in the RecordBatch. Note that this hint is currently only supported for PostGIS and geoserver native stores.

FLIP_AXIS_ORDER
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This hint allows the coordinate axis order to be specified as either Lat/Lon or Lon/Lat explicitly to be set for every geometry related field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hint flips the axis order of returned coordinates from latitude/longitude (default) to longitude/latitude.
```
